the Japanese ball social group is a
motorcycle gang they ride around their
streets revving the engine making a lot
of noise and each city will have at
least one of these games
they often engage in dangerous or
reckless driving such as weaving and
traffic not wearing motorcycle helmets
running red lights and just basically
revving the engine making a lot of noise
and slowing down traffic as much as
possible often they'll also cause fights
and trouble throughout the community
the type of bikes they use vary but
usually they will use your average
Japanese road bike and modify they will
take off the exhaust and put holes in it
to make it sound louder they will also
add various oversized fearing x' to
either the front or the back they may
raise the handlebars and change the
color scheme the bike
on this evening about 10 to 15 members
gathered for what looks to be a cruise
around the city as you can see from some
of the boats they have some fairings on
the front and usually a little seat at
the back
as they leave to cruise around the city
you can hear how much noise
they actually make
in traffic when they slow down to about
10 to 15 kilometers an hour
weaving through across the road and
revving the engines making a lot of
noise and basically slowing down traffic
as much as possible
and we also weave in front of cars that
want to get passed just like in this
video here you can see this motorcyclist
weave in front of the car to slow down
this evening I followed them a little
bit and was able to see a fight head
this happened between a random
motorcyclist and one of the members of
the silver it's a little watch
what's really interesting is that you
can see on the right there is a bit of a
scuffle going on but on the left you see
the other members actually picking up
the random motorcyclists bike it's very
strange because you see the gang like
fighting like attitude but then you also
see the polite and respectful nosov the
Japanese society here I dip my camera
just so that the person coming back
doesn't see me so I don't want as I
don't want to cause any trouble myself
anyway it seems to be over and oh right
he's looking
but once the scuffle is over they will
be back onto the bikes and continue on
their ride around the city
but not before gathering one more time
and making a bit of noise whatever
listen
in another part of the city you can see
the green light there but the traffic is
waiting just letting them go through
because they don't enter forms and forms
themselves
as you can see the traffic is starting
to slow down and build up because the
ball stops off the group members are up
front revving the engines making a lot
of noise weaving in further traffic and
slowing it down just causing problems
well it's very rare to see them start
fights you will most likely hear them
Andrea stones of the night
revving engine making a lot of noise and
causing traffic problems
so thanks for watching please leave a
like or comment and if you haven't
subscribed to the channel for more
videos later